[DM-4179] [BE]  lwm2m binary serialization announcement (#2710)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/lwm2m-agent_10-20-440-0_lwm2m-agent-binary-serialization-announcement.md

---
date:

> title: Binary serialization to JSON byte array is now deprecated  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: LWM2M Opaque type serialization to byte array is now deprecated  
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-inv-3bw8e
    label: Announcement
component:
  - value: component-1KLUzmqfe
    label: LWM2M
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-ggH2M4hf3
    label: lwm2m-agent
ticket: DM-4179
version: 10.20.440.0
---

> By default, LWM2M agent serializes binary data to byte array JSON string (i.e. "[12, 32, 435]"). This is now deprecated and will be changed in the future to HEX format (i.e. "41424344"). For now the default serializer is still binary JSON, but this can be changed by setting **C8Y.lwm2m.operation.legacyBinarySerialization** property to **false** in agent properties file. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the LWM2M agent serializes binary data to a byte array JSON string (for example, "[12, 32, 435]"). This functionality is now deprecated and will be changed in the future to HEX format (for example, "41424344"). For now the default serializer is still binary JSON, but this can be changed by setting the `C8Y.lwm2m.operation.legacyBinarySerialization` property to "false" in the agent properties file. 
```

> By default, the LWM2M service serializes binary data of a resource such as Opaque type to a byte array in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} representations. This functionality is now deprecated and will be changed in the future to hexadecimal string format. For now the default serializer is still serializes to the byte array and the format can be switched only on the instance level. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the LWM2M service serializes binary data of a resource such as Opaque type to a byte array in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} representations. This functionality is now deprecated and will be changed in the future to the hexadecimal string format. For now the default serializer is still serialized to the byte array and the format can be switched only on the instance level. 
```

> By default, the LWM2M agent serializes binary data to a byte array JSON string (for example, "[12, 32, 435]"). This functionality is now deprecated and will be changed in the future to HEX format (for example, "41424344"). For now the default serializer is still binary JSON, but this can be changed by setting the `C8Y.lwm2m.operation.legacyBinarySerialization` property to "false" in the agent properties file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the LWM2M service serializes binary data of a resource such as Opaque type to a byte array in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} representations. This functionality is now deprecated and will be changed in the future to hexadecimal string format. For now the default serializer is still serializes to the byte array and the format can be switched only on the instance level. 
```

> This change affects how the data is represented in Cumulocity objects (operations, generic UI data fragments), it does not affect communication with LWM2M devices. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This change affects how the data is represented in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} objects (operations, generic UI data fragments). It does not affect the communication with LWM2M devices. 
```

> This change affects how the data is represented in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} objects (operations, values displayed in the Objects tab). It does not affect the communication with LWM2M devices. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This change affects the way how the data is represented in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} objects (operations, values displayed in the **Objects** tab). It does not affect the communication with LWM2M devices. 
```

> This change affects the way how the data is represented in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} objects (operations, values displayed in the **Objects** tab). It does not affect the communication with LWM2M devices. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This change affects the way the data is represented in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} objects (operations, values displayed in the **Objects** tab). It does not affect the communication with LWM2M devices. 
```

> This change affects how the data is represented in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} objects (operations, generic UI data fragments). It does not affect the communication with LWM2M devices. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change affects how the data is represented in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} objects (operations, values displayed in the Objects tab). It does not affect the communication with LWM2M devices. 
```
